README.md, before:

ShadowGit + Speedy-Git ( Speedy-Git ver. 3 )
==========

### Speed optimisation tool for custom Github workflow.

### ShadowGit

This is the new version of Speedy-Git. Now the process of commit & push goes in background.

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Stilyan-Kangalov/ShadowGit/master/Assets/ShadowGit_shot1.jpg" target="_blank">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Stilyan-Kangalov/ShadowGit/master/Assets/ShadowGit_shot1.jpg" title="Click to view" /></a>

### Speedy-Git

You might be interested with this script, if you work with Git / Github for Windows desktop application. It can be used with Windows 10 / 8.1 / 7 desktop environments. The set-up process it's not very long and you can do a lot customisations, in order to fit different types of cases.

#### It runs git commands in a row, when you just type "1/2/3" and then hit "Enter".

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NIO-Design/Batch-Scripts/master/Speedy-Git/Assets/speedy_ssh_full.jpg" target="_blank">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NIO-Design/Batch-Scripts/master/Speedy-Git/Assets/speedy_ssh_full.jpg" title="Click to view" /></a>

Commit message:

Automated commit by Speedy_Git on 23/04/2017 03:33

README.md, after:

ShadowGit + Speedy-Git ( Speedy-Git ver. 3 )
==========

### Speed optimisation tool for custom Github workflow.

### ShadowGit

This is the new version of Speedy-Git. Now the process of commit & push goes in background.

### Just run in and it will "listen" for events in choosen directory. On every event it will trigger automated commit & push to your repository at GitHub!

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Stilyan-Kangalov/ShadowGit/master/Assets/ShadowGit_shot1.jpg" target="_blank">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Stilyan-Kangalov/ShadowGit/master/Assets/ShadowGit_shot1.jpg" title="Click to view" /></a>

### Speedy-Git ( standalone version )

You might be interested with this script, if you work with Git / Github for Windows desktop application. It can be used with Windows 10 / 8.1 / 7 desktop environments. The set-up process it's not very long and you can do a lot customisations, in order to fit different types of cases.

#### It runs git commands in a row, when you just type "1/2/3" and then hit "Enter".

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NIO-Design/Batch-Scripts/master/Speedy-Git/Assets/speedy_ssh_full.jpg" target="_blank">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NIO-Design/Batch-Scripts/master/Speedy-Git/Assets/speedy_ssh_full.jpg" title="Click to view" /></a>
